The movie was released on October 13, 1993.
The film was released on October 13, 1993.
The movie's box office was $91.5 million.
The film's box office was $91.5 million.
The amount of money the movie made was $91.5 million.
The amount of money the film made was $91.5 million.
The movie had a budget of $24 million.
The film had a budget of $24 million.
The movie was released on October 13, 1993; the movie was initially released through Touchstone Pictures because Walt Disney Studios thought the movie would be "too scary" for kids.
The film was released on October 13, 1993; the film was initially released through Touchstone Pictures because Walt Disney Studios thought the film would be "too scary" for kids.
Here's a summary of the movie: The movie is about Jack, the King of Halloween Town, discovering Christmas Town and trying to take over the holiday by making it his own.
Here's a summary about the film: The film is about Jack, the King of Halloween Town, discovering Christmas Town and trying to take over the holiday by making it his own.
Here's a synopsis of the movie: The movie is about Jack, the King of Halloween Town, discovering Christmas Town and trying to take over the holiday by making it his own.
Here's a synopsis of the movie: The movie is about Jack, the King of Halloween Town, discovering Christmas Town and trying to take over the holiday by making it his own.
The main characters are Jack and Sally.
The main characters of the movie are Jack and Sally.
The main characters of the film are Jack and Sally.
The supporting characters are Oogie Boogie, Dr. Finkelstein, the Mayor, the kids (lock, shock, and barrel), and Santa Claus.
The supporting characters of the movie are Oogie Boogie, Dr. Finkelstein, the Mayor, the kids (lock, shock, and barrel), and Santa Claus.
The supporting characters of the film are Oogie Boogie, Dr. Finkelstein, the Mayor, the kids (lock, shock, and barrel), and Santa Claus.
The supporting cast is Oogie Boogie, Dr. Finkelstein, the Mayor, the kids (lock, shock, and barrel), and Santa Claus.
The supporting cast of the movie is Oogie Boogie, Dr. Finkelstein, the Mayor, the kids (lock, shock, and barrel), and Santa Claus.
The supporting cast of the film is Oogie Boogie, Dr. Finkelstein, the Mayor, the kids (lock, shock, and barrel), and Santa Claus.
The screenplay was written by Caroline Thompson, but the writing/story was based on Tim Burton's work.
Pete Kozachik was the main cinematographer.
Stan Webb was the main editor.
Joel Fletcher, Owen Klatte, Angie Glocka, and Justin Kohn were some of the main animators.
The runtime of the movie is 76 minutes.
The runtime of the film is 76 minutes.
The town the characters live in is called Halloween Town.
The town where the characters do live in is called Halloween Town.

Tim Burton is the producer of the movie.
Tim Burton is the producer of the film.
Tim Burton was the creator of the movie, but he didn't direct it.
Tim Burton was the creator of the film, but he didn't direct it.
Tim Burton created the idea for the movie, but he didn't direct it.
Tim Burton created the idea for the film, but he didn't direct it.

Henry Selick is the director of the movie.
Henry Selick is the director of the film.
Even though many people think Tim Burton directed the movie, Henry Selick actually directed it!
Even though many people think Tim Burton directed the film, Henry Selick actually directed it!

Danny Elfman is the composer of the movie.
Danny Elfman is the composer of the film.
Danny Elfman composed songs for the movie.
Danny Elfman composed songs for the film.
Danny Elfman wrote music for the movie.
Danny Elfman wrote music for the film.
Danny Elfman wrote the songs for the movie.
Danny Elfman wrote songs for the film.

Jack Skellington is the main character.
Jack Skellington is the main character of the movie.
Jack Skellington is the main character of the film.
Jack Skellington is the protagonist.
Jack Skellington is the protagonist of the movie.
Jack Skellington is the protagonist of the film.
Jack Skellington is the hero.
Jack Skellington is the hero of the movie.
Jack Skellington is the hero of the film.
Jack Skellington is the male lead of the movie.
Jack Skellington is the male lead of the film.
Jack is the leader of Halloween Town.
Jack does work as the town's leader of their annual Halloween celebration.
Jack's job is to work as the town's leader of their annual Halloween celebration.
Jack's occupation is to work as the town's leader of their annual Halloween celebration.
Jack works as the town's leader for their annual Halloween celebration.
Jack wants to take over Christmas and make it his own!
Chris Sarandon voices Jack Skellington's regular voice, but Danny Elfman voices his singing voice.
Chris Sarandon does the voice for Jack (regular voice), but Danny Elfman does his singing voice.
Jack Skellington is voiced by 2 people: Chris Sarandon (regular voice) and Danny Elfman (singing voice)!
One of Jack Skellington's nicknames is "The Pumpkin King"!
Jack Skellington has other names, one of them is "The Pumpkin King"!
Jack Skellington's enemy is Oogie Boogie.
Jack Skellington has a ghostly dog named Zero (that's my name too!)
Jack Skellington has a ghostly pet named Zero (that's my name too!)
Jack lives in Halloween Town.
Jack does live in Halloween Town.

Sally is Jack's love interest.
Sally is the female lead of the movie.
Sally is the female lead of the film.
Sally is voiced by Catherine O'Hara.
Catherine O'Hara voices Sally.
Catherin O'Hara does the voice for Sally.
Sally was created by Dr. Finkelstein.
Sally's occupation is a toxicologist.
Sally works as a toxicologist for Dr. Finkelstein.
Sally's job is a toxicologist.
Sally does work as a toxicologist.
Sally wants to be free from Dr. Finkelstein.
Sally's motivation is to be free from Dr. Finkelstein.
Sally's "father" is Dr. Finkelstein.
Sally's relationship with Dr. Finkelstein is strenuous—she wants to be free from his control.
Sally lives in Halloween Town.
Sally does live in Halloween Town.

Dr. Finkelstein is voiced by William Hickey.
William Hickey voices Dr. Finkelstein.
William Hickey does the voice for Dr. Finkelstein.
Dr. Finkelstein is a mad scientist.
Dr. Finkelstein works as a mad scientist.
Dr. Finkelstein's job is a mad scientist.
Dr. Finkelstein's occupation is a mad scientist.
Dr. Finkelstein does work as a mad scientist.
Dr. Finkelstein's relationship with Sally is strenuous—he loves Sally, but he's very overbearing and controlling of her.
Dr. Finkelstein is Sally's "father".
Dr. Finkelstein lives in Halloween Town.
Dr. Finkelstein does live in Halloween Town.
Dr Finkelstein is voiced by William Hickey.
William Hickey voices Dr Finkelstein.
William Hickey does the voice for Dr Finkelstein.
Dr Finkelstein is a mad scientist.
Dr Finkelstein works as a mad scientist.
Dr Finkelstein's job is a mad scientist.
Dr Finkelstein's occupation is a mad scientist.
Dr Finkelstein does work as a mad scientist.
Dr Finkelstein's relationship with Sally is strenuous—he loves Sally, but he's very overbearing and controlling of her.
Dr Finkelstein is Sally's "father".
Dr Finkelstein lives in Halloween Town.
Dr Finkelstein does live in Halloween Town.

The Mayor is voiced by Glenn Shadix.
Glenn Shadix voices the Mayor.
Glenn Shadix does the voice for the Mayor.
The Mayor doesn't have a name; he's simply The Mayor.
The Mayor works as the mayor for Halloween Town, duh.
The Mayor does work as the mayor for Halloween Town, duh.
The Mayor's job is the mayor of Halloween Town, duh.
The Mayor's occupation is the mayor of Halloween Town, duh.
The Mayor has two faces because it references how many people view politicians as "two-faced".
The Mayor has 2 faces because it references how many people view politicians as "two-faced".
The Mayor does have two faces because it references how many people view politicians as "two-faced".
The Mayor does have 2 faces because it references how many people view politicians as "two-faced".
The Mayor lives in Halloween Town.
The Mayor does live in Halloween Town.

Oogie Boogie is the villain.
Oogie Boogie is the villain of the movie.
Oogie Boogie is the villain of the film.
Oogie Boogie is the antagonist.
Oogie Boogie is the antagonist of the movie.
Oogie Boogie is the antagonist of the film.
Oogie Boogie is voiced by Ken Page.
Ken Page does the voice of Oogie Boogie.
Ken Page voices Oogie Boogie.
Oogie Boogie's enemy is Jack.
Oogie Boogie doesn't like Jack because he became Pumpkin King and Oogie didn't.
Oogie Boogie did not like Jack because he became Pumpkin King and Oogie didn't.
Oogie Boogie didn't like Jack because he became Pumpking King and Oogie didn't.
Oogie Boogie and Jack are enemies because Oogie is jealous that Jack became Pumpkin King and he didn't.
Oogie Boogie likes gambling.
Oogie Boogie works as the villainous bogeyman in Halloween Town.
Oogie Boogie's job is the villainous bogeyman in Halloween Town.
Oogie Boogie's occupation is the villainous bogeyman in Halloween Town.
Oogie Boogies does work as the villainous bogeyman in Halloween Town.


Santa is the leader of Christmas Town.
Santa is voiced by Ed Ivory.
Ed Ivory voices Santa Claus.
Ed Ivory does the voice for Santa.
Santa gets kidnapped by Oogie Boogie's three henchmen, Lock, Shock, and Barrel.
Jack calls Santa Claus "Sandy Claws".
Jack does call Santa Claus "Sandy Claws".
Santa is freed from Oogie Boogie by Jack at the end of the movie.
Santa is freed from Oogie Boogie by Jack at the end of the film.

The kids' names are Lock, Shock, and Barrel.
The names of the kids are Lock, Shock, and Barrel.
Lock, Shock, and Barrel are also known as Boogie's Boys.
Oogie Boogie has three sidekicks: Lock, Shock, and Barrel (aka Boogie's Boys).
Oogie Boogie has 3 sidekicks: Lock, Shock, and Barrel (aka Boogie's Boys).
Oogie Boogie has three minions: Lock, Shock, and Barrel (aka Boogie's Boys).
Oogie Boogie has 3 minions: Lock, Shock, and Barrel (aka Boogie's Boys).
Oogie Boogie has three henchmen: Lock, Shock, and Barrel (aka Boogie's Boys).
Oogie Boogie has 3 henchmen: Lock, Shock, and Barrel (aka Boogie's Boys).
Lock is the kid dressed up as a devil.
Lock is the kid with the devil mask.
Lock is the kid with the red mask.
Lock is the one with the devil costume.
Shock is the kid dressed up as a witch.
Shock is the kid with the witch hat.
Shock is the one with the witch costume.
Barrel is the kid dressed up as a skeleton.
Barrel is the kid with the white mask.
Barrel is the kid with the skeleton mask.
Barrel is the one with the skeleton costume.

Fun fact: Danny Elfman, the composer, is a frequent collaborator of Tim Burton's. He also worked with him on Batman Returns, Corpse Bride, and Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.
Fun fact: Chris Sarandon, voice of Jack, played Prince Humperdinck in Princess Bride.
Fun fact: Danny Elfman does the voice for Jack when he sings, as well as the voices for Barrel and a clown in Halloween Town.
Fun fact: Zero's glowing nose is actually a glowing jack-o-lantern.
Fun fact: In 2001, Disney considered doing a computer-animated sequal to the movie.
Fun fact: The concept for the movie was based on a poem of the same name; it was written by Burton in the 80s.
Fun fact: Tim Burton's 'The Nightmare Before Christmas' poem, which inspired the movie, was based on Burton seeing a store taking down their Halloween decorations and replacing them with their Christmas ones.
Fun fact: Vincent Price was originally cast to play Santa Claus.
Fun fact: It took a team of over 100 people and about 3 years to complete the film.
Fun fact: 12 stop-motion frames were used to create 1 second of the film.
Fun fact: The final film had a total of 109,440 stop-motion frames.
Fun fact: The original narration in the beginning of the film was voiced by Patrick Stewart, but was ultimately cut.
Fun fact: Tim Burton wanted to direct the movie, but he was already working on 'Batman' (1989) and 'Ed Wood' (1994) at the time.
Fun fact: Director Henry Selick said that Burton was only present 8-10 days of the movie's production.
Fun fact: The most difficult shot to film was the one where Jack's reflection can be seen on the doorknob to the door to Christmas Town.
Fun fact: Dr. Finkelstein isn't listed by his name in the credits, instead it's "Evil Scientist".
Fun fact: When the film was re-released in 2006, it was fully under the Disney banner (not Touchstone Pictures).
Fun fact: Tim Burton's 'The Nightmare Before Christmas' poem, which inspired the movie, originally only included just Jack, Zero, and Santa.
Fun fact: Sally's insides are composed of leaves.
Fun fact: The snake toy in the film resembles a sandworm from 'Beetlejuice'.
Fun fact: The cat toy in the film resembles the mascot for Shreck's Department Store in 'Batman Returns' (1992).
Fun fact: The duck toy in the film resembles the duck vehicle the Penguin drives in 'Batman Returns' (1992).
Fun fact: Each minute of the movie took an entire week to film.
Fun fact: There are around 60 different characters in the film, and each one was 3-4 duplicate puppets.
Fun fact: The film's sculpture department only consisted of 4 people.
Fun fact: Jack Skellington had over 400 different puppet heads for filming.
Fun fact: Sally didn't have different puppet heads, instead she had different puppet face masks to express different emotions.
Fun fact: Sally had 10 different puppet face masks and each one had around 11 expresions.
Fun fact: Many of the film's sets required 20-30 lights to achieve its dramatic look.
Fun fact: There were about 13 animators working on the film.
Fun fact: The film utilized around 8 different camera crews.
Fun fact: The set of Halloween Town was designed to break into smaller pieces because the whole thing was too big to fit in one space.
Fun fact: To animate Jack blinking, wedges were shoved into his eyes (his blinks were around 3 frames long).
Fun fact: Gregg Olsson, the film's set designer, built a quarter scale mock-up that served as a model for the set.
Fun fact: The film's set had trap doors that allowed animators to pop up and animate from below.
Fun fact: The film required a total of 230 sets.
Fun fact: When working on the songs for the film, Danny Elfman wasn't given a script, instead Tim Burton just described scenes to him.
Fun fact: The film's crew included over 100 camera operators, puppet makers, puppet builders, and prop makers.
Fun fact: Tim Burton was friends with Henry Selick, which is why Selick got the job to direct the film.
Fun fact: 'The Nightmare Before Christmas' was Henry Selick's directorial debut.
Fun fact: After 'The Nightmare Before Christmas', Selick directed 'James and the Giant Peach' (1996) and 'Coraline' (2009).
Fun fact: The visual style of the film's sets was inspired by illustrations from Ronald Searle and Edward Gorey.
Fun fact: In the film's original ending, Oogie Boogie was going to be Dr. Finkelstein in disguise.
Fun fact: Disney wanted to build a 'The Nightmare Before Christmas' ride at Disneyland, but Tim Burton shot down the idea.
Fun fact: Jack Skellington makes a cameo in 'James in the Giant Peach' (1996) as a pirate skeleton.
Fun fact: In the original design for Jack Skellington, he wore an all black suit.
Fun fact: At first, Disney wanted Jack to have eyes, but Tim Burton and Henry Selick were firm in their belief that he shouldn't have eyes.
Fun fact: In an epilogue that wasn't included in the final film, Jack and Sally would hve 4-5 kids.
Fun fact: The movie's model artists would draw characters with their non-dominant hand to give the character designs that "unnerving kick".
Fun fact: The film's sets and costume designs were influenced by German Expressionism.
Fun fact: Oogie Boogie was meant to be "one of the worst things you could get on Halloween": a sack of bugs.
Fun fact: Despite the fact that he's the antagonist of the film, Tim Burton doesn't believe that Oogie Boogie is evil.
Fun fact: Tim Burton had plans to make a sequel to the movie, but decided not to do it; it's title would've been "The Unlucky Clover".
Fun fact: The Jack Skellington puppets used for the film were made of clay.